6. In addition, comment on the description of the landlady. 

	She was not good looking, or looked like a earthworm

7. In your own words, describe the house he will rent.

	It smelled and it was a very bad atmosphere

8. How does the landlady mix in her useful information with warnings to the young man.

	She wants to make the house sound better

9. What is the burning question he has been waiting to ask? Why does he think it’s possible the landlady can answer him?

	He wanted to ask about the girl he loved and the woman who owned the house knew alot of theater people

10. What can we understand about the young man’s character that he has been asking the same question for 5 months?

	He is determined to find her

11.In your own words, explain the background to his story.

	The man wanted to find a girl who was never in the same place. After looking around for five months, he still had determination to find her

12. How does the writer make the room seem like a separate character? Give examples.

	He used personification alot "it seemed cold and sick and old and dying."

13. On page 4, what evidence does he find of who has lived in the room before? What feeling does that give you?

	The person did not like the room. It gave me a feeling of hatred.

14. What kind of story do you think this is so far? Give your reasons.

	I think that it is a sad story, because there have been alot of depressing things happening in the house

15. List all the negative impressions he gets from the other rooms around him.

	They are all old and smelled bad

16. Analyse the sentence, ‘ And the young man felt the breath of the house. It had a smell that was more than bad; it seemed cold and old and dying.

	This sentence makes the house seem even more old and gives the feeling of foreboding

17. What other smell does he suddenly notice and what does he connect that to? How does the writer make this a supernatural moment, and how does he add to the effect immediately after?

	He notices the smell of white flowers and then he directly remembers something from the past

18.Why does the young man lose all his hope? What terrible thing does that drive him to do?

	He found out that the girl had died in that room so he decided to kill himself

19. How and why did the landlady lie to the young man?

	She told him that the person before him was fat and ugly when in realtiy it was a pretty girl (The girl he was looking for)

20. What is the awful irony of the story?

	The man and woman both killed themselves the same way and for the same ironic reason